					Group Project

Design and implement a network using Packet Tracer to Model the following
network:
Include TWO networks – the Dublin HQ and the Galway office.

In the main Dublin office implement the following:
a) Create different VLANs (at least 4 VLANs – name these with relevant departments e.g. SALES,
MARKETING etc)
b) Implement inter-VLAN communication between all of these VLANs.
c) Implement rapid spanning tree between switches.
d) Show evidence of Etherchannel being implemented (add links to implement this)-ensure the
root bridge is in a suitable position in the network.
e) Configure a highly available secure wireless access for a GUEST wifi network in the main
Dublin office. Show evidence of these PC’s connecting to the network (ensure that PC’s
connect using DHCP).

On the WAN:
f) The organization requires you to create a WAN network bridging across their different sites.
Each site has a WAN connection and all other sites will need to be connected e.g. Cork,
Limerick, Athlone. The IT infrastructure manager has specified your main concern is the
interconnection of Dublin and Galway sites but you are required to route through other sites to
connect Dublin to Galway. Create a WAN network using private addresses from the 10.0.0.0
network which must provide connectivity to the Galway office. This WAN network will include
a redundant path from the Dublin office through the Sligo office to Galway. However, this
redundant path is known to have a slow connection.
g) Utilizing a routing protocol of your choice to ensure all Dublin HQ PC’s can communicate with
the Galway branch. (note more points will be awarded for ability to demonstrate control of
traffic through the network). Ensure that the main gateway router can be managed remotely
from the Dublin site using a secure protocol (SSH protocol).

In the Galway office:
h) Create a small LAN in the Galway office showing at least 2 switches and multiple PC’s.
i) Implement HSRP and provide redundant default gateways for end-user devices within the
network if one of the routers fails.
j) Ensure all PCs in the Galway office can communicate with PC’s / servers in the Dublin’s
office.